Fix all the issues mentioned below and etst them. Do no have any fix missed. Execute one by one and let me know once tested.
1. Change the pipe line screen
1.1	Rename it to opportunities
1.2	have different views to show on the opportunities screen(List view and Kanban board view); default - list view
1.3	opportunities names not displayed in pipeline, when in light mode
1.4 opportunity end date to be added
1.5 Have a suitcase icon on the opportunity screen
1.6 add field- Oppportunity Name

2. Leade screen
2.1 Make Leads screen editable
2.2 create lead -> workflow to contact - > account
2.3 lead to contact 1-to-many
2.4 multiple leads to one account many-to-one
2.5 Advance stage button not working
2.5 activities to capture actions in leads screen(all inbound and outbound(

3. new email to have new activity
3.1 qualified to opportunity - validate info for account
3.2 Inbound mail is not coming up. haed code this for now- spacemail; mail id - support@arbormind.in; password - February2026#

4. Dashboard
4.1 dashboard numbers not adding up
4.2 value also not displayed
4.3  dashboard values incorrect
4.4 top deals in dashboard

5. Convert screen
5.1 in convert, if there is no account/contACT - CREATE ACCOUNT OR CONTACT OPTION
5.2 Contacts - add/delete/modify
5.3 account deal also added as per visibility

6. Create a AI chatbot on the bottom right which is collapsed by default. It should help in answering user questions on the system, also provide insights on the entire data

7. Have icons for each screen - copy the same clickable icons

8. Modify account entity to have hte following fields -
Account Name
Close Date
Amount
Description
Opty Owner
Opty Team
Status
Stage
Probability
Forecast Category
Next Step
Created By
Modified By

9.have generate AI summary in each screen. have it collapsed on each screen and cliking it should display the summary

10. popup text and icons not visibile in light mode; pls fix it to be visible both in light and dark mode.

11. Fix all the flows
quote name should be clicakable; should go to edit screen; versioning of quotes; only latest version should be editable
link between opportunity line item to quote line item; opportunity line item shouldbe visible in quotes
quotes should have status; send quotation - doc generation - quotation document to customer PDF; mail sent to customer

12. Add one order screen
13. Give a 360 view in account screen.
